Fixes of i18n on vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-command-reference.md (#479)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/vtex-io/Reference/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-installation-and-command-reference/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-command-reference.md

title: "Command reference"
slug: "vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-command-reference"
hidden: false
createdAt: "2021-04-04t22:02:14.325z"
updatedAt: "2022-12-13T20:17:44.857Z"
---

This documentation is a reference for:

- [VTEX IO CLI default commands](#default-commands)
- [VTEX plugins commands](#plugins)

> ⚠️ VTEX IO CLI 3.x now has a plugin-based architecture, which means that certain commands from earlier versions are now implemented as plugins.  These plugins include: `add`, `autoupdate`, `config`, `debug`, `infra`, `lighthouse`, `logs`, `redirects`, `settings`, `submit`, `support`, `test`, and `url`. Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

## Default commands

Below is a brief description of the default commands available in VTEX IO CLI. For detailed information about each command, you can click on the respective command name.  You can also get this information in your terminal by adding `--help` or `-h` after the command name.

> | Command name                                          | Feature                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Command name                                          | Description                                                                                                                         |
```

| ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`autoupdate`](#autoupdate)                           | Automatically updates VTEX IO CLI.                                                                                              |

> | [`browse`](#browse)                                   | Opens your current workspace and account URL in a new browser window.                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`browse`](#browse)                                   | Opens the URL relative to your current workspace and account in a new browser window.                                                           |
```

| [`deploy`](#deploy)                                   | Publishes an app as a stable version. Only works for apps previously published as a release candidate version.                  |
| [`deprecate`](#deprecate)                             | Deprecates the specified app, uninstalling and downgrading it to the latest stable version on every VTEX account.               |
| [`deps diff`](#deps-diff)                             | Displays the differences between the dependencies of two distinct workspaces.                                                   |
| [`deps list`](#deps-list)                             | Displays the complete dependency tree of the current workspace.                                                                 |
| [`deps update`](#deps-update)                         | Updates a dependency of the current workspace. If not specified which one, it updates all dependencies.                         |
| [`edition get`](#edition-get)                         | Displays the Edition App version installed on the current account.                                                              |

> | [`edition set`](#edition-set)                         | Sets the version of the Edition App for the current account.                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`edition set`](#edition-set)                         | Displays the version of the Edition App for the current account.                                                                    |
```

| [`link`](#link)                                       | Syncs the app in the current directory with the development workspace being used.                                               |
| [`list`](#list)                                       | Lists the apps installed on the current workspace and account.                                                                  |
| [`local token`](#local-token)                         | Prints the user auth token and copies it to the clipboard.                                                                      |
| [`login`](#login)                                     | Logs into a VTEX account.                                                                                                       |
| [`logout`](#logout)                                   | Logs out from the current VTEX account.                                                                                         |
| [`publish`](#publish)                                 | Publishes the app in the current directory as a release candidate version.                                                      |

> | [`release`](#release)                                 | (For git users only.) Bumps the app version, commits, and pushes to the remote repository for the app in the current directory. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`release`](#release)                                 | (For git users only.) Bumps the app version, commits, and pushes to remote the app in the current directory. |
```

| [`whoami`](#whoami)                                   | Prints details about the current account, workspace, environment, and login information.                                        |
| [`workspace abtest finish`](#workspace-abtest-finish) | Stops all A/B tests on the current account.                                                                                     |
| [`workspace abtest start`](#workspace-abtest-start)   | Starts a new A/B test on the current workspace.                                                                                 |
| [`workspace abtest status`](#workspace-abtest-status) | Displays the results of the active A/B tests.                                                                                   |
| [`workspace delete`](#workspace-delete)               | Deletes one or many workspaces from the current account.                                                                        |
| [`workspace list`](#workspace-list)                   | Lists all workspaces of the current account.                                                                                    |

> | [`workspace promote`](#workspace-promote)             | Promotes the current workspace to the master branch. Only applicable for production workspaces.                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`workspace promote`](#workspace-promote)             | Promotes the current workspace to master. Only applicable for production workspaces.                                 |
```

Reviewer: The `master `in here is for the master workspace concept in VTEX IO: https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-workspace

> | [`workspace reset`](#workspace-reset)                 | Cleans all configurations of the specified workspace and recreates them with the configurations from the master branch.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`workspace reset`](#workspace-reset)                 | Cleans all configurations of the specified workspace and recreates it with the configurations from master.         |
```

#### Arguments

| Argument               | Description                            |
| ---------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| **CHANNEL** (optional) | Channel for which to display the logs. |

<div align="right"> 🔼 <a href="#default-commands">Back</a></div>

### browse

> Opens your current workspace and account URL in a new browser window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opens the URL relative to your current workspace and account in a new browser window.
```

### deploy

> > ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-deploy` plugin. Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-deploy` plugin. Access [VTEX IO CLI plugins](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about the available plugins.
```

> Publishes an app as a stable version. This command is specifically designed for apps that have been previously published as a release candidate version [see vtex publish --help].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishes an app as a stable version. This command only works for apps previously published as a release candidate version [see vtex publish --help].
```

### deps diff

> > ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-deps` plugin. Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-deps` plugin. Access [VTEX IO CLI plugins](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about the available plugins.
```

### deps list

> > ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-deps` plugin. Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-deps` plugin. Access [VTEX IO CLI plugins](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about the available plugins.
```

### deps update

> > ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-deps` plugin. Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-deps` plugin. Access [VTEX IO CLI plugins](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about the available plugins.
```

### edition get

> > ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-edition` plugin. Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-edition` plugin. Access [VTEX IO CLI plugins](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about the available plugins.
```

### edition set

> > ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-edition` plugin. Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-edition` plugin.Access [VTEX IO CLI plugins](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about the available plugins.
```

#### Options

| Option                    | Alias | Description                                      |
| ------------------------- | ----- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| **--force**               | -f    | Publishes the app independently of SemVer rules. |
| **--tag=tag**             | -t    | Adds the specified tag to the release.           |

> | **--workspace=workspace** | -w    | Uses the specified workspace for the app.        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--workspace=workspace** | -w    | Uses the specified workspace in the app registry.        |
```

### release

> (For git users only.) Bumps the app version, commits, and pushes to the remote repository for the app in the current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(For git users only.) Bumps the app version, commits, and pushes to remote the app in the current directory.
```

### setup

> Configures typing definitions and tools for the current development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures typings and tools for the current development environment.
```

#### Options

| Option              | Alias | Description                                                                                        |
| ------------------- | ----- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **--ignore-linked** | -i    | Configures typing definitions from published apps and ignores typing definitions from linked apps. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--ignore-linked** | -i    | Configures types from published apps and ignores types from linked apps. |
```

> | **--all**           | -     | Configures all available typing definitions, configurations, and tools.                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--all**           | -     | Sets all available typings, configurations, and tools.                            |
```

| **--tooling**       | -     | Configures Prettier, Husky, and ESLint.                                                            |
| **--tsconfig**      | -     | Configures React and Node TSconfig, if applicable.                                                 |

> | **--typings**       | -     | Configures GraphQL and React typing definitions.                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--typings**       | -     | Configures GraphQL and React typings.                                                   |
```

### uninstall

> Uninstalls an app from the current workspace. If no app is specified, it defaults to the app in the current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uninstalls an app from the current workspace. If no app is specified to uninstall, it defaults to the app in the current directory.
```

### unlink

> Unlinks an app from the current workspace. If no app is specified, it defaults to the app in the current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlinks an app from the current workspace. If no app is specified to unlink, it defaults to the app in the current directory.
```

### update

> Updates all installed apps to the latest minor or patch version. Does not upgrade to another major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates all installed apps to the latest, minor, or patch version. Does not upgrade to another major version.
```

### whoami

> > ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-whoami` plugin. Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-whoami` plugin. Access [VTEX IO CLI plugins](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about the available plugins.
```

### workspace abtest finish

> > ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-abtest` plugin. Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-abtest` plugin. Access [VTEX IO CLI plugins](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about the available plugins.
```

### workspace abtest start

> > ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-abtest` plugin. Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-abtest` plugin. Access [VTEX IO CLI plugins](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about the available plugins.
```

### workspace abtest status

> > ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-abtest` plugin. Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ This command refers to the `@vtex/cli-plugin-abtest` plugin. Access [VTEX IO CLI plugins](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about the available plugins.
```

#### Arguments

| Argument                    | Description                             |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| **WORKSPACE1**              | Name of the workspace to delete.        |
| **ITHWORKSPACE** (optional) | Names of multiple workspaces to delete. |

#### Options

| Option      | Alias | Description                                                |
| ----------- | ----- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **--force** | -f    | Deletes the specified workspace, even if it is being used. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--force** | -f    | Deletes the specified workspace, even if it is currently being used. |
```

### workspace promote

> Promotes the current workspace to the master branch. Only works for production workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promotes the current workspace to master. It only works for production workspaces.
```

### workspace reset

> Cleans all configurations of the specified workspace and recreates them with the configurations from the master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cleans all configurations of the specified workspace and recreates it with the configurations from master.
```

## Plugins

Below is a brief description of the commands provided by VTEX plugins. For detailed information about each command, click its respective name. After installing the corresponding plugin, you can also access this information in your terminal by adding `--help` or `-h` after the command name.

> > ℹ️ Access [this link](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about VTEX IO CLI plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ Access [VTEX IO CLI plugin](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-plugins) to learn more about the available plugins.
```

> | Plugin command                            | Feature description                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Plugin command                            | Description                                                                     |
```

| [`infra list`](#infra-list)               | Lists installed infra services.                                                         |
| [`infra update`](#infra-update)           | Updates all installed infra services.                                                   |
| [`lighthouse audit`](#lighthouse-audit)   | Runs a Lighthouse audit over the specified URL.                                         |
| [`lighthouse show`](#lighthouse-show)     | Shows a previous audit report, filtered by app and/or URL.                              |
| [`logs`](#logs)                           | Shows logs of an app (only apps in production).                                         |
| [`plugins install`](#plugins-install)     | Installs a plugin on CLI.                                                               |
| [`plugins link`](#plugins-link)           | Links a plugin to CLI for development.                                                  |
| [`plugins:list`](#plugins-list)           | Lists all plugins installed on your machine.                                            |

> | [`source plugins`](#plugins-source)       | Lists all plugins supported by VTEX.                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`plugins source`](#plugins-source)       | Lists all plugins supported by VTEX.                                                    |
```

| [`support`](#support)                     | Logs in as support to another VTEX account.                                             |
| [`test e2e`](#test-e2e)                   | Runs E2E integration tests for the app in the current directory.                        |
| [`test unit`](#test-unit)                 | Runs unit tests for the app in the current directory.                                   |
| [`url`](#url)                             | Prints the base URL for the current account and workspace.                              |

<div align="right"> 🔼 <a href="#plugins">Back</a></div>

### add

Adds the specified app(s) to the manifest dependencies.

#### Usage

```shell
vtex add APPID [ITHAPPID]
```

#### Arguments

| Argument                | Description                                                                                                                                 |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **APPID**               | The name and version of the dependency to include in the manifest.json file, specified in the format `{vendor}.{appname}@{x.x.x}`.          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APPID**               | The name and version of the dependency to include in the `manifest.json` file, specified in the format `{vendor}.{appname}@{x.x.x}`.          |
```

> | **ITHAPPID** (optional) | The names and versions of multiple dependencies to include in the manifest.json file, specified in the format `{vendor}.{appname}@{x.x.x}`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **ITHAPPID** (optional) | The names and versions of multiple dependencies to include in the `manifest.json` file, specified in the format `{vendor}.{appname}@{x.x.x}`. |
```

### infra update

> Updates installed infra services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates all installed infra services.
```

### plugins install

> Installs a plugin on CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installs a plugin on the CLI.
```

#### Arguments

| Argument   | Description         |
| ---------- | ------------------- |

> | **PLUGIN** | Plugins to install. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **PLUGIN** | Plugin to install. |
```

#### Options

| Option              | Alias | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| ------------------- | ----- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **--report=report** | -r    | Displays the results and status of the specified test ID.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--report=report** | -r    | Displays the results and state of the specified test ID.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | **--report=report** | -r    | Displays the results and status of the specified test ID.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--report=report** | -r    | Displays the results and state of the specified test ID.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
